Hot Diggity damn we are in Korea well at
least I am I'm in a hotel there's we're
using a hotel Wi-Fi who knows what's
gonna happen on this show but world's is
starting in just a couple hours I'm
gonna go over there for everybody else
you guys are getting ready to sleep I'll
be spoiling you on YouTube with all the
interview titles it's gonna be great
it's hot line League episode 48 we got
Fox drop here all that more coming right
up
and this is normally whenever a sponsor
thing with would show but it's a mystery
sponsor we don't have those assets yet
so just know that this show is sponsored
by a mystery sponsor here we go alright
so on the show tonight first off let me
go ahead and introduce my co-host Mark
Zimmerman how's it going mark good as
you can probably guess by effect I'm
doing the show right before world's
starts I'm not on a desk today okay but
you will be on the desk in the future I
will be on the desk in the coming days
but starting out with the heavy hitters
okay from each region
I'm very good well excited to see you on
the show on the desk eventually and I
just want to say that I think that you
are a heavy hitter and I'm disappointed
that riot doesn't view you that way
so that was not their words to be clear
they said they said sorry you're not a
heavy hitter you could stay at home
maybe if you had a hundred thousand
Twitter followers he would make but you
do next up and added just 30 minutes
before the start of the broadcast cuz
you came in a Twitter chat and was
crying about it
Kelly Mae's on the show how's it going
Kelby I'm doing well thanks for having
me on I'm glad that I could make a
return the night before or hours before
Peter plays yes yes well we'll be
talking it is a very Pete it's gonna be
a very Peter episode it's gonna be
basically Peter and then whatever Fox
drop says about Europe so that's the
show looking forward to it
glad glad to have you here but yeah as
always he'll be here thank you it's a
special episode because we've only done
this once before where we've had Calvi
but then we've also had a guest and now
we have Fox drop welcome to the show Fox
drop thank you so much for having me I'm
so excited yeah 4:00 a.m. to talk League
of Legends yeah I was going to ask you
what time it is
were you planning on being up at this
time regardless No
really but I am a youtuber so close to
still being away okay but hey it's all
good I'm only up late two hours later on
my shoe yeah so but are you asleep
before worlds or what happened how are
you handling this yeah that's the
problem in it like because what starts
it's been starting about I think who
played their Series in the plains the
knockout stages it's not like 4:00 a.m.
she's had that's like that's that's the
game of sweet spot where you've just
gone to bed and you certainly ain't
gonna be getting up
oh my god yeah oh yeah it's a it's a bit
of a struggle I appreciate your
dedication them and I can tell you're
hardcore Dean and I are the Mastiff
degree I'm trying I'm absolutely trying
but I'll tell you votes are very helpful
during this stage see I hate watching
vods that's why I'm somewhat surprising
we'll talk about spoilers is that it
just feels really bad I turn I turn Fox
drop up a ton I'll do it even more guys
I don't know why so quiet for you
because he sounds such me but Fox Rob
this is the first time you have ever
appeared in a piece of my content I
believe or unless I'm incorrect yeah
absolutely
unless you count the soffietta could do
2015 words of the Hilton Hotel yes well
I remember that because you are
absolutely wankered I which which which
which top of worlds was it London okay
it was and I was drunk in London yeah we
there was the Travis I mean I know I was
I was staying at an Airbnb but I was
probably at the Hilton hanging out with
people next to the venue
exactly and that's that's right and not
exactly that's where you own that's
where you heard you know in gross your
self in the revelries as as you do yes
as I do well well do you wash you
oh sorry go ahead no I was just gonna
say so I I said I said wankered but then
you actually made an interesting comment
that made me think about this further so
because like you wouldn't you wouldn't
call Travis a wanker but is wankered
than a term that means that you're an
obnoxious drunk no I good is this
generative of being drunk honest okay
it's it's not really a comment on the
person you know okay kind of related in
that regard it is because you know if
you call so annoying I mean an inning in
English you can just the banter is
always on the cards right I could call
Travis a wanker which might mean by
definition he is obnoxious Bevin nob
whatever my I could say it rather
endearingly as well and he could
absolutely not be obnoxious or a bit but
not so you know you two every time you
use an English term to give a similarly
detailed breakdown do you know what's
funny actually is his little story from
from the EU LCS before ender came on
right he's the resident that the new na
boy
right before he joined the broadcast
because I work with quick shot and medic
and pyrrha on a masters before coming to
LCS that's where they kind of decided to
like oh this guy's cool that's bringing
on COCs they actually had a little
sit-down with ender and said to him okay
these are the words this this man might
use and this is what they me I'm not
making this up I'm not making this up
quick job told me that they did this it
definitely gave a little breakdown from
some of the words I might use and add
and what was with me nice do you how
common are English words for the rest of
Europe to like understand is this just
strictly an American problem or is like
in Italian not gonna know what the fuck
you're saying it's probably the same
thing honestly it's probably they
probably struggle as much but this is
this is the thing is like how do I
strike the balance between I'm just
gonna say his words anyway because if
there wasn't Reese is saying and you
know do these guys even know what I'm
talking about at this point and then
there's the other side where people
don't need care what I'm saying like
always the before they would
wankers I didn't exactly know what it
meant but kind of assumed so yeah you
never need to apologize for speaking
proper English
alright we we are all in the wrong here
so that's true means my language better
lay that one down you get to define what
is and isn't alright yeah well Foxtrot
bingo sheet given given that this is the
first time that you are in in my content
do you want to introduce yourself and
explain your background and sort of your
your whole story in less than an hour
we're still bidding out building
audience so it's okay that's fair I'll
buff alone a little bit I know I know
that's like you get you get the rubbish
in the first two three minutes and they
want you to eat that skin ten minute
marks and you can stick the vault on
YouTube and put in the meatball
yeah that's exactly that's the strategy
what is it twenty twelve era YouTube
where you just wanted like fat length
yeah whoa first it was labelled like
viral 'ti and then there's a period of
time where it's just about like Let's
Plays for six hours right yeah mm-hmm
we're in the let's play joke area good
yeah this is the problem of youtubers no
one really knows either like what really
works on YouTube you should doesn't tell
anyone they doesn't change algorithm all
the bloody time and no one knows what's
going on but that's you know I feel like
we're getting a bit sidetracked - yeah I
could I could rage right YouTube all day
long if you I don't know please tell us
who you are please just go with that
that would be good yes I say it's not my
name is cross stroke if you haven't
heard of me before I started off making
YouTube videos for the legends in like
season two or so when I was actually
good at the game and I made educational
content some fun stuff whatever and I've
just been riding that wave all the way
up until I say last year when I kind of
diversified a little bit so I don't
embarrassing for the local British scene
the UK scene then went to EU masters
which is kind of like the sort of like
scouting grounds I guess for the
European all the regional leagues like
the Spanish leagues that Germany the
friend
Lavar you know all over Europe and so I
was casting that quick syrup was in that
he liked me it was like yo let's come do
some LCS stuff so in the 2018 summer
split I was casting the LCS as well so I
know a youtuber / dreamer / caster /
general no bed and now I'm honored to be
joined on in Travis's amazing content
because he makes amazing content well
thank you how does it marks amazing and
mark and and Kelvin Kelvin half these
things oh all right well regardless
welcome to the show super happy to have
you here it's nice that we've been able
to so far have a bit of a more
international cast for hot line League
as we are covering an international
event which is worlds starting as for
the context of anybody watching the vaad
we are a little bit less than five hours
out from the start of worlds I'm in
Korea
hopefully Hotel internet keeps up but
I've been able to stream before and it's
been fine and so crazy times in
situation here but let's see let's
that's all the stuff shock but obviously
we got world's group-stage last time we
did the show we still were we were in
between groups and knockout stage for
plans so there's that talk about g2 in
cloud 9 looking a little rocky we've got
the doublelift
ad that came out hype video I'm trying
to think of what other cool exciting
stuff has happened in the past I don't
know five days o top 20 a lot of people
been asking about that so yeah like
basically but ultimately it is on you
guys that we you know throwing out those
topics there but it's on you guys to
decide what we talked about on the show
tonight mark do you want to do a bit of
an explanation on how it works so we can
start getting questions while we
jibber-jabber a bit yep so if you've
never seen the show before I'm posting
in twitch chat right now a link to our
discord that we are in am the shit out
of it if you want to click that link and
join up once you get here there is a
club calls or club calls to voice
channel I'll need you to join that so I
can pull you into the waiting room if
your topic is selected you meet yourself
once you're in there at first though and
then
and club topics the Tex channel you're
gonna go ahead and post whatever it is
you want to talk about and we try and
make sure that these are you know takes
so don't just say I want to talk about
world's top 20 say you think caps was
underrated he's a top-five player you
think caps is overrated he's no ways
better than maple whatever it is
post your take in there so we can talk
about it if we like your take I'll pull
you from plug calls to the waiting room
when it's your turn I will do a mic
check with you in the waiting room and
then we'll probably want to be on-air to
discuss the calls yeah other stuff that
got announced which I pointed out all
stars the players getting fined I think
it was six sixteen players got horned or
fine or whatever then I'd love to this
episode love to go telecom Olli
yeah Kobe's got some stuff to talk about
yeah and yeah just a bunch of different
stuff so while Mark is looking at that
stuff
Fox drop how do you feel about you this
year I feel good about fnatic if that's
all volunteer pressure no I think that
um I don't know it I'm always gonna have
high expectations of you because I've
been watching the competitive scene
since season two I've been watching
since you know diamondprox picture
Varner when Shyvana was like not even a
champion and just firmly invading and
just redefined how League of Legends
were played from the jungle you know and
I've always had these you know I don't
think I'm ever gonna get those rows
hitting ball goes off my head you know
so I'm always hoping for the best for
you and realistically tonight one I
think I think they can do some good
stuff yeah yeah it's interesting I meant
trying to think about a year in which
the West overall has been this under
hyped because it feels like North
America you know like some of the fans
are trying to really say like oh cloud
nine or Oh Oh Team Liquid or oh yeah
hundred thieves is there and then and on
the use side like I literally all
hear people talk about fnatic and for
the most part in na were also all kind
of like are they even gonna make it out
of groups we were one game away I think
from having potentially our North
America's worst world's ever
if cloud nine didn't make it out we
would have only sent two teams in the
group stage and potentially had both of
those two teams not move on so it's I I
can't remember a time where the West as
a whole was this under undervalued or
under anticipated going into Worlds well
our first caller will make sure to we
don't turn this narrative around
Twinkletoes is here okay cool well you
just pulled him he's been in here for
like ten seconds okay well Twinkle
Twinkle Toes welcome to the show where
you call from hey guys I am calling from
Sherman Oaks Sherman Oaks which is in
the Greater Los Angeles area for those
of you that are not la maestra probably
have no idea where Sherman Oaks is but
California so what do you want to talk
about on the show tonight Twinkle Toes
well ever since I started playing League
of Legends back in season 3 I have
always been a fan of the professional
scene so I first found out about the NA
LCS and yes I did actually go to a
couple games back in the studio in
Redondo Beach sure but considering the
results of the last five World
Championships I want to remind everyone
why it's time to jump on the Korean hype
train and why Korea is going to win
their six consecutive World Championship
okay go ahead and is this a very
exciting take to have the start the show
go ahead and tell us why we should all
give up well I think all three teams
that are coming from the hell CK region
to the world champions to have a
legitimate chance of winning and a
reminder to everyone that they got the
three guaranteed seats since they want
the msi last year yeah so I'm not sure
exactly what you guys would want like
you want me do you have any concerns
given the fact that in most of the times
that they have I think every time
they've clashed versus RNG they have
this year international competition
being rift rivals MSI and the Asia Games
sure and I understand that that's like
the logical counterpoint but the only
thing I want to point out about that is
the Korean fans were a little uncertain
as to why for that game five of the rift
rivals they they sent out the Africa
freaks to play instead of kt rolster
because kt rolster had not actually lost
a game at the tournament prior to that
sure so i am a kt fan i know that the
meme is sort of supposed to be that I'm
supposed to tell you how bad they are
and how they're gonna choke again but i
i'm i'm on the kt hype train and i think
that they're gonna win the world
championship specifically i mean it's
interesting of this conversation
especially after what I just saw the the
sort of teaser that's gonna show up
right before group stage they put it out
on YouTube where you have caster de Jong
from or gemstone from lck sort of
talking about how Korea has been
dominant for so long but this is the
first year we're like that might not
happen and so then you know when you're
calling in and kind of offering that
counterpoint I don't know I mean I just
think orangey is on a tear Luzi is
positioned to be the faker of this
tournament it's it's hard for me to
understand why it's such a go-to just
like yeah 100% lck will win whenever you
have sort of like the final boss here I
guess what it is interesting though when
you say this is that like the does feel
like the only alternative you've got
Genji you've got KT and then even people
are like well by the way there's a frico
- they might be kinda scary and it's
interesting that there's like one
alternative to that which is rng so the
odds maybe are just in in LC K's favor
just because of the sheer number of
teams that they have that look
competitive yeah I think that's what I
say even if RNG is the favorite like of
all the teams I could win it there's
still only one Chinese team that people
are legitimately talking about and like
Korea Slavs Griffin at home like they
have so many fucking good teams yeah
personally disappointed decision do not
end up going to the World Championship
I'm curious to how much like home-field
advantage is going to play a factor here
and the fact that like I think mmm
probably historically Korean the Korean
players that I've known in like the
teams I've talked to have really really
not like to travel nothing anybody likes
to travel but they they really
appreciate being at home and I think
always it's really really nice to play
in front of your home crowd I think that
the the Korean fans can really really
help push the Korean teams through this
year especially considering the fact
that like I think they do feel and are
tapped into the fact that like they are
vulnerable this year like they're
they're not gods it's not a given and
hopefully I'm hoping as a fan for the
experience that that pushes like their
level of enthusiasm in these matches to
to like new levels and that they're
really really excited on broadcast but I
think was is much more any international
tournament much more fun when the winner
isn't like really clear from the
beginning right I feel like especially
when SK T's been around right it's just
like okay there's let's talk about the
other teams we all know he was actually
gonna win but let's talk about the other
twenty teams are in autonomy you know
yet that's regardless of who wins disk
in a bit sidetracked here whether it is
Yosuke or whether it is rng by the way I
think we're sending IG a little bit
short here as well 18:1 in the regular
season
way better than orangey did you know
yeah and I've haven't been about whoops
sorry no no that's fine it's idea I'm
just like you know just forget about
them sorting but I I do think that you
know it's I sort of one-time win just
because it would be cool to see a
non-korean team win and and what
fashioner do it in there coming into
their own house and shit on their
doormat especially with Uzis who is like
always been the one fighting them in the
finals right yeah I don't know I mean it
it's hard to argue too much against you
Twinkletoes you picked maybe the
prediction which is lck me when again I
had to open with the team that I cared
the most about which was Katie but I
didn't want to discount either Genji or
fe defeats because of players like keen
and players like Kuro
yeah and Haru who was popping off in
Jenny's gauntlet run to the 13 for the
World Championship which is what they
came in last year when they won a
Samsung Galaxy yeah I mean it'll be
interesting it's always kind of fun I
this is my favorite part of Worlds to be
honest which is right before group start
because then you lead in a like ever it
even though you know there are some
favorite teams the field kind of feels
way open and groups is when all the
crazy up shit upsets happen because
right insists on doing best of one which
allows for really fun narratives and
it's just pretty neat I feel like after
you get through it like quarters is
usually not that great because you're
matching up kind of like the flukes it
all gets sorted out essentially then you
know obviously if something some finals
but this is this is the fun part so I
don't know if anybody else has any final
thoughts on this or our Twinkletoes if
you have any anything you wanna say
before I move on to the next color but I
think it's a fair fair conversation to
have very good well thanks Twinkletoes
for the call thing maybe just oh go
ahead sorry I just want to say the one
thing that I wanted to remind everyone
was with Genji last year crown Louis
just put on malzahar duty to deal with
faker so you never know it might just
work again yeah maybe maybe Thanks
thanks again for the call thank you yeah
thank you sponsor for world stinks man
alright moving on to the next caller as
my cursor moves around I want to give a
shout out to the people who sub just now
Xiao Wei Joan captain Eddie dad Stone
Ian who sent 500 bits can't subtil
Thursday so have the rest of my bits
Alex tequila 23 who reset for eight
months in VNC Russia with twitch prime
iris reset for two months and says
Travis for sexist male eSports
journalist 2018 kappapride well thank
you it's very nice I don't know what my
competition is there but looks like
you've got another caller here KRC 25
Keirsey 25 where you come from
I'm calling from Henrietta Justice at a
Rochester New York okay All Right see ya
do yep what are you studying Computer
Information Technology oh you got the
long walk on the quarter-mile yep
well I'm that I know that was relevant
to me I don't understand what just
happened I'm glad you guys know each
other care see what do you want to talk
about on the show tonight so my hot
taykitty evening is fnatic taking first
seed in their group because I think all
of their wings are just superior or
anyone else in their group I'd like to
say that Invictus would be putting up
the best fight in the group just because
well like you guys mentioned earlier
they put up a like a good contest RNG in
the finals I think you went five games
but I think that just the use of their
subs top lane and the shy like kind of
having that injury and working back for
it I think top lane is just gonna be
superior from fnatic mid lane Capps is
in it like his best form that he's been
I mean some people would argue that
rookie is like in a better form well I
don't personally see rookie beating
Capps I guess that's just my personal
like fans support well I think that he's
I got outperformed rookie worlds and
their bot Lane is I mean reckless like
there's not really much else you could
say like he's been top tier for the
longest time um and I think that does
outperform anyone else in the group IG
cheer X under the I don't think it's I
don't think it even be close really
quick yeah I I just want to say Fox drop
or sorry before we get to Fox drop oh I
want to take this
Kyle 0/8 ray just gifted 45 subs in the
chat so that's pretty cool don't ever
want to resign 45 subs is pretty fucking
significant not not to give it away too
much but Kyle o AO is in the waiting
room right now and I think he had
something similar if I remember
correctly but either way I think you're
hyped about this take okay cool Fox drop
how is fnatic gonna do this can they are
the number one seed in their group
performance the question I just say
buddy I'll have what you'll have in
but you know what I did you say it with
confidence I wouldn't say it with such
confidence but do I see a world where
that will happen absolutely you know I
think that IG are really good honestly
and I think people kind of sleeping them
a little bit because orangy is is like
the spotlight Chinese team right now but
I think perhaps I mean rookies like
really good by the way I think that's
one of the things we have to mention
that everyone's have-nots caps right
with fnatic and and how captain's gonna
do and I honestly I think this is that's
a good reason because when I was in one
of I was you know we're like that posts
broadcast day meeting thingamajigs that
you do like the story meet wrap up thing
moves I did hear a certain prominent EU
LCS class to say that caps is the most
talented player years ever produce just
saying that so I don't know whether he's
been I don't know whether you go on
record as saying that but he did say it
so either way caps is is bloody good and
I know shocks Dornier just yesterday
saying or last time sorry saying that's
not high pop snake and Katzen what stop
fuck it shocks and burn it I I think as
regarding G rx100 thieves fair enough
you know I don't think those who will
pop up much of a fight against fantastic
I think huntys can take a game flummoxes
you know best one round-robin like it
could happen right I don't see you
shaking your head copy I'm just saying
it could happen all right
it's fast do we how quickly you forget
g2 at 2016 2015 or sorry 17 do say at na
teams perform better when everyone has
no expected expectations of them so miss
if one of these is going in you know
with everyone on reddit saying oh they
don't deserve to be here then they just
have the World Forum to you know by the
way faster twitch track claims that
officio said that about caps on the top
20 on the world's top 20 yes so if that
was him yeah he played like did he say
those specific was I mean that's what
twitch chat saying I didn't I
watch top 20 because it was said about
time for me but okay well I can convert
neither confirm nor deny it was in the
back you know it either way like
hamsters
I to be fed this is one of the things
about going into groups I'm most excited
to watch right it is in Group D it's
just that that middleman shop rooking
cups because rookie has been a high-tech
way everyone when Pope's are swimming
just during is you know boot camp
whatever when they're preparing for
planes he said someone awesome moves the
best million awardees when rookie like
drop of a hat BAM no thinking just
rookie he pokes race rookie really
really highly I think everyone rates
rookie ridiculously highs like another
two I think on the top 20
everyone knows rookies a beast right and
it's a okay so what everyone in the West
is hyping caps and is that because he's
actually a bloody good player or because
we warned him to be very good player
yeah we need a avatar we need some
somebody lift up everything right
who's the anime protagonist of the 2018
words we want it to be cats I was
talking with dad about if there's the be
Erickson award every year on the top 20
which is just like the designated and a
West let ik poster child for like this
is our hope against the the East and
this year it's caps yeah yeah I think
that's fair I want to see but at the
same time I think caps kind of I want to
see him I think he has potential to earn
that you know to earn earn the hype and
that just for me is like I'm excited
about let me lay my job and I do think
Francie can absolutely go toe-to-toe
with with IG and for me it's about the
rookie bot laners Jackie love especially
he's like 17 I think when I was talking
to razz he gave me some read info about
the Chinese teams and he was like this
is the one thing that is maybe a
question mark for this team is how these
guys are ridiculously green a really
inexperienced how are they gonna fare on
the world stage which is totally
different than when your plan to
Mississippi for a young kid like that
legit how I wasn't that was the dumbest
dickhead when I was 17 and this guy is
being shoved into the world stage and
and of course that's gonna affect him
right maybe not maybe he's just got you
know maybe he's made out of iron he I
can't say that any more coming that
means he's crap if I caught some iron
he's made that yeah
you know whatever uh no work it's tough
and some cause I'm a right alloy but
sometimes what I find you will see with
like really really green players though
especially if they're young is that on
the world stage like they are so naive
that they don't understand the scale of
the event that they're playing in and
they just the pressure flies by them
it's happened it's happened a couple
times but I I agree with you guys
entirely I think that like it's just
it's just between those two teams i I
think that this is probably this and
group is it be
yeah Group B are like the two most
lopsided groups as far as like there's
two really really clear definitive teams
that are gonna get out even considering
its its best of one format I would I
would highly expect that these guys and
then you know like you just have best at
once you got two best and ones and you
just gotta you just gotta win them and
because it's best to won like anything
can happen but I do think that because
like they have the answer to caps and
rookie that it is probably something
where I would still think that it's
fanatics not getting out first in the
group but as far as them advancing
further in the tournament I think that
fnatic is the West probably best chance
yeah yeah like cuz Jesus I think that TL
is the only other team that really has a
chance of getting out of groups and if
you want to go further than quarters you
really want to get first and I think
it's probably an easier route for fnatic
than TL to get first in their group so
there's there's one point I'm I'm still
sticking out a little bit with what a
KRC set which is that they match up
better individually across the board I
can see the debate a little bit with
caps versus rookie and reckless versus a
Jackie love a little bit but like I
don't see it really in the top lane I I
think so is is a really great player but
like and I know the shy did have his
surgery in a slower and weaker summer
split than he had compared to his like
insane spring
but I don't know do you even Duke is
like super good like both them are
pretty good so I I'm not sure I'm quite
on board with that are you thinking
about so as so as or playoffs Oh as well
yeah I'll be on dog jumps a lot by here
yeah he gets the playoffs man you can't
all use that so here's what go ahead
mark I just say the thing is I don't
know if the Met is great for so as like
either you're playing the ergot aatrox
like Fighter meta or you're banning both
them and playing tanks top which I don't
know what what so as it's gonna end up
doing and this is my only thing he'll
probably go no dog Tim yeah dog camp
duty I was just gonna say up factor oh
no no go for it um I think like the sub
factor is gonna come in like rather big
I think I'm even myself I'm under
estimating it like so even though you
could say it's my salon right and it
doesn't matter if you lose the first
game right
I think the first game maybe they pull
out whip oh you know they thought they'd
show the aggression they show that you
know they're not to be run over and then
they pull out so as if the first game
doesn't go well and they stick him on
like you guys said a dog champ um well I
think just having like two separate top
players that can work well like I I
don't know I don't see either one of my
G's top laners like outperforming them
by a number you know where it's like oh
they're just taking over the game or
anything like that I think both of them
can can put up a fight no matter what
you no matter who you throw in I think
flexing subs is much easier invest those
like that's what's really so sorry
so here's one of the thing I was gonna
say fnatic
there's all this pressure on them and I
feel like at times we've seen you know
reckless not look great at international
events the same way that we've seen
double if not like great at
international events it feel and and
capsules overhyped but he's still kind
of green I know he's been around for a
while I feel like there's a world here
and I'm not saying that this is gonna
happen but I think people should be open
to the idea that like there's a role
here where fnatic crumbles and just like
looks really bad over the next couple of
days I feel like there's a really good
chance of that and nobody wants to talk
about it because you know like - at the
Western chance caps he's the the EU
Jesus um but like I I just I think
there's a really good chance that could
happen I think the problem is that like
if you put them in a slightly tougher
group I would be more down with that but
like even if they they like choke to an
extent you're looking at like a full-on
in G 2 2016 1 & 5 out of fucking nowhere
meltdown which is possible but if it's
just like oh oh we underperformed a
little bit I still think that's probably
good enough to get past year X 100 views
yeah very good well hey it's a care yeah
k RC thank you for the call we really
appreciate and I think it's a good topic
and a fun one we'll have to see how
things go
yeah okay on to the next caller I need I
have just shout out a ton of stuff okay
here we go
BNC Russia arrows Kyle zero eight zero
eight were pound 23 the nightmare GGG
wtbs Nixon's mix of Apple computers
panda man seven gnome San Brobee MB
gamers bum ob0 asian boy Bryant a
Deshawn rifleman zero Naik new king five
Benny quests a bored bored
Thomas HIV Dougie OMG no good one Kyle
black sido punk rock music Austin's
Pokemon Han shrubby 21 alone Illumina
Danny TV red rounder PIM Huff jazz
Barbie our concrete for life serie 23
days Yanks fan dirty pure King Mugsy
unit control Mason blakemason Baker
Becker loathe e Grumpa the pit father
Aram Simon everyday wrestler Pablo
jalisa and goon Berg who's 521 Mike Nick
for Chad Miller zero and wally wall okay
I'm gonna get the rest of them later on
this first time on the show anybody's
gifted them a nice up so it was a tough
one soupy is here soupy where you
calling from
going from Rockville Maryland nice to
hear a lot of I think what is this a
couple of people from the Northeast
either way
welcome to the show welcome the show
what do you want to talk about on the
show tonight I just want to talk about
the overall fan reactions to any teams
losing like international tournaments
and I think it's just like a pretty
toxic cycle where I think it's mostly
read it tends to hide themselves up with
like pro player interviews and soloqueue
ranking and then once any teams losing
groups or they lose and best of series
it tends to get very toxic very quickly
I think it's having a pretty negative
effect on na pro players mental health
and that na teams aren't really
preparing their players for this
inevitable reaction so do you take issue
with the hyping up in the beginning or
just like the the fall that occurs after
I think it's kind of everything I mean
there's a general consensus in na now
that it's we don't hype up our teams and
it's just like pretty typical of reddit
that you can just like go on I think
there is a double if invent interview
which everyone is like oh my god they
fix their issues they're gonna go far
and I think it's just it's just kind of
unrealistic expectations
so you're saying sorry you're saying we
shouldn't hype up our players or we
should I think it's fine to hype up
players but I think that it eventually
causes a negative reaction because of
cultural problems with na okay I feel
like this is more specifically a TSM
problem though like I don't remember
remember how bad the backlash was to CLG
in 2016 when they didn't make it out or
mortals in 2017 like we called them
chokers we said they like should have
gone out which I think was all true when
you're disappointed it's tough I don't
remember like going like full-on like
mob trying to burn people at the stake
quite like what happens every time TSM
doesn't make it out of groups so I don't
know how much of that I feel is any
specific Brown versus the TSM problem
yeah I feel like it's a TSM problem but
I think there was also TL at MSI that
was pretty bad as well yeah that's a
good point but that was also such a
weird situation just because what
happened with Ola
yeah do we do we feel like we're at risk
for the this world I don't feel like na
is really hyped right now specifically
Tia I don't feel like TL is really hyped
pouring am I missing that yeah well I
mean there's no other team that would be
hyped from na actually think sales are
beyond the heart honesty I think there's
a chance a decent chance in get our
groups yeah they don't have to Katie
we're also a kato-san IDO gaming look
tonight the two teams that might be top
two and you know if Casey rolster is the
crocodile chase you don't have to outrun
the crocodile dive outrun the fat kid
behind you and Edward Edward EDG looks
pretty chubby honestly in the plane so I
think there's a chance you know there's
a decent chance and this is actually
quite interesting because I was browsing
the old Twitter Unni yeah this evening
and or this afternoon for you fine
American gentleman there was this
morning for me thank you
oh this morning sorry fusion artists and
I saw a little bit of a debate between
locodoco and LS I don't know if any of
you guys for this where they were time
to look it up yeah sounds like a fire
debate those two words they don't hold
yeah yeah yeah it seems like it's in
pretty decent honest a but basically
Ellis was convinced that Timmy could
have basically zero macro and that's why
they're gonna get on like that's why eg
second and TLS third but there is a
chance to us from a pure talent
perspective that they're kind of equal
but II to gia just you know we'll just
edge are just a little bit and Lord crow
is like actually you know I tell have
really good macro I know they're playing
in na and they're playing against
arguably worse opposition or region
that's not known for its macro strengths
but CL objectively speaking sat vision
well all that without lovely business
was just like you know I don't think
they're very good and then like was I
bait if your arguments about macro ezg
have showed really crap macro in the
paint you know that kind of tear it
looks me a little bit towards the end
there but essentially I think it's it's
a good point where we don't have
expectations of na anymore I know this
goes against the point of the call is
making here and I think specifically for
this year there are no expectations of
Na no
one is talking about Team Liquid
potentially making out groups
realistically right people saying that
the only team that has a good chance
again out of group so maybe even will
make a gross is fanatic in Group D and I
think honestly team we could absolutely
do that you know like I don't think
either G is that tough of an opponent
for them to be no it'll be easy but I
could see them doing it what's the
over-under for you like is this a 50/50
chance or fortnight I would say it's
maybe like 6040 EDG custody okay I think
it's pretty close on the topic of like
fans bashing people how do you feel like
it is for EU I love it so but it is I
would say II used more barbaric does
that make sense like they have rabbit in
a sense you know it's almost like a
football coach or a soccer soccer
culture sorry okay there you go I know
it's fine
but you know I think people are very it
just it gets like it's kind of scary you
know when you see some of the backlash
that comes out against or just just how
passionate you fans are out for you
teams and it seems na is just like
disappointed mother but slightly
disappointed mother like I'm not angry
I'm disappointed but it's also actually
really angry as well that's how in a
friends kind of seem when when they're
when they're disappointed in their teams
well the one thing I would say about the
comparison between EU and na kind of fan
bases is the way they treat each other
right and this always gets me I love
reading this stuff I'm read it
especially where because na generally
speaking has the kind of perhaps weaker
results historically especially
international tournaments EU has always
kind of got like a jab on them they've
got more ammunition right they've got
both the heavier hook and any fans it's
just it's it's so back and forth
whenever na fans be an EU team they are
like go in so hard on the EU teams and
decide yeah fuck you you suck then when
au teams be na is basically the same
thing but what I love about it is how
both sides
act like the other side is the worst one
as in like the other size community is
the harsher community yeah na fans will
say yeah was just you are that we don't
really like this when we beat them but
when they beat us there so that they're
so mean about it and they really don't
let it go there just really any sight no
listening their case I've been watching
competitive league since before it
started right and I can tell you it's
the same every year
whatever side of the EU na divide your
na fans are knobs to EU e teams when
they win an EU fans and Lobster na teams
when they win the only reason anything
any fans think they have it worse it's
because generally speaking they perform
was international tour notes but but
both fan bases are just as bad as each
other for really digging into that
that's right
I love right I'm just gonna say I love
it cuz I've interviewed EU players who
have come over to na soloq you and I
think a lot of this reflects especially
when you were talking about like the
disappointed mother a lot of it reflects
how I've heard people describe you verse
in a silica or like you solo queue
people will just be like go kill
yourself you know it's just like that
it's so broke brute brute force--and
like angry where is apparently na will
be just as toxic but in a very like
sarcastic way like wow that was a really
good play man good job a and that is the
biggest difference is I lose my mind
when someone on EU tells me to go kill
myself what tells me quarter hour or
whatever these words they want to throw
at me I'm just like all right buddy
that's nice when I've got an NA purse
I'm talking down to me
Connors ending me don't condescend to me
random in a what is that quote from its
wings is it monthly to you in wings yeah
understandably wings
I mean just what you said I think I
understand agree on your point that like
the reason na fans feel like you fans or
bigger dickheads because generally you
fans performing worse like I on your
sink get that coming from a Boston
sports fan where people are like awesome
sports fans are insufferable it's like
no we just won a lot more and we brag
like any fan base would do like you know
every fan base that wins suddenly
becomes the most insufferable fan base
so I understand agree on that the one
point I think they do differ is like I
don't know if why it's just this year I
I didn't see it at all before but this
year you fans just because of the time
slot like have been just bitching and
moaning non-stop about like cast your
bias because I thought everyone thinks
fnatic is like the second coming of
Jesus Christ you know like I've seen a
lot of that it's been yeah I don't know
why this year everyone's going crazy
about cash price cuz I used to get more
from a you fans so maybe that's because
the time that I'm at or something but
any fans have been doing this to
yesterday in my stream somebody was
donating money to explain to me how
shocked was super biased against oh yeah
she gets it so bad yeah yeah fuck and
like it everybody okay look actually
everyone on the analyst desk is probably
biased that's the whole point of having
the International thing we're like
you've got to fish you and jet telling
each other fuck you at all-star it rift
rivals like that stuff is fun right and
to be fair there's a difference
favoritism and biased I would say like
favoritism is just like who you want to
win and like who you hype up more bias
is when like it impacts your ability to
critically think about what's happening
yeah and like I'll I am a super and a
favoritest but like I don't think I'm
biased I think we suck balls you know
like I I will admit if those two
definitions are too far apart you just
want to lump them together under biased
sure I'm biased there's two things that
I kind of take away from this is as both
like from accosting background and just
from like a spectator background from
Spectator standpoint I actually I won if
you come in from the IPL tell me why
tell me why your Aussie lads are gonna
take it all tell me you know
tell me why your jungler is like the
best jungler and why he's gonna whip out
his okay karma jungle and just dick
gonna die tell me that you know I I love
that I think that's the whole point
wouldn't like you're saying driver is
that when you've got international
events and you're pulling in casters
from the various regions isn't the whole
point that they're there to kind of give
their expertise but also like they're
there to tell you why this you why
should be excited about watching this
team will this player that you haven't
heard of because you've not been
watching them because all you watch is
nao EU LCS which I think the majority of
the Western fanbase does and I'm from a
caster perspective this happened to me
when I was casting he masters actually
when it was like one of the kind of
favorites of the tournament against one
of the UK teams and I was talking about
how basically I had so much more
knowledgeable about the UK teams than I
did the other team and i dhamma research
by the oil team i knew you know patterns
about how they draft and play styles
that kind of stuff but you can't replace
the experience you gained from just
casting teams for like monks right and
it was just if i am going to fall back
on knowledge it's gonna be about why
what i know like the noise why not I'm
talking about that's not good English
whatever and I think that just happens
as well from a logical standpoint if it
sounds like casters of being or analysts
are being biased when they display more
information about one thing than another
thing if that makes sense
and I think that's just natural as well
to a degree yeah we've we've kind of
gone off topic soupy back to what you
were saying do you have an answer what
would you want any fans to do or how
would you want them to behave in a way
that you think would better support the
teams and better set the teams up for
success from like a fan support
perspective I mean I think it's just
about having reasonable expectations for
the most part I think that the great
like thought experiment is just like
2017 g2 had basically same group as 2016
TSM but the reaction to TSM not making
out of that group is vastly different
from 2017 g2 so it's just like the
expectation for
clearly set for g2 going into the group
and they didn't make it out and the
overall fan reaction wasn't extremely
negative like it was to the 2016 TSM
team so I think overall just kind of its
like unrealistic to expect up radical
culture change in na to be more
accommodating to like pro players being
people and not playing perfectly and
then also like it's like in a perfect
world it would be more like clear
expectations and not like hyping each
other up like oh my god tail is gonna go
to semies or some shit yeah or like well
the good news is you don't have any hype
for 4 na this year this will be the test
for you I think I'm still hyped for TL I
got my boy double is gonna go far okay
well you just said you wanted realistic
expectations so hopefully those proved
out to be realistic I don't know
speaking of speaking of bias I was gonna
say shocks just messaged me and said can
we get Kiba Q tonight in celebration of
tiel's victory over KT so Shox is
onboard with you she's ready to support
TL also on the biased topic look look at
Vettius trying to hype up GT I like then
the thing like is that not over is this
the kind of stuff that would concern you
soupy like if in any capture was doing
this would you say too many expectations
doing well I linked it a I'll put it in
the twitch chat but like the like you're
trolling if you think G 2 isn't getting
out of Group A I think he's doing a
pretty tongue-in-cheek I don't think
he's being well he said it at first
realistically right and then he got he
about supermassive and then he they lost
I thought that was the whole thing yeah
oh sorry no I think it's also just a bit
where it's like there's such as I think
it's also just loss of version right
where it's like the whole idea that
losing feels twice as bad as winning
feels good so like when your team loses
that you really wanted to win it's just
such a visceral reaction I think a lot
of people are still pretty young and
watching the eSports oh it's just like
they don't understand that when they're
shit talking like a pro player that
there's like a person that may end up
reading it right
it's just like when na team does well
it's like it's great but when they do
poorly I think it also has to be like a
measured response like it's okay to feel
bad and be disappointed it's another
thing to attack the person and just like
the amount of hate Bjork's and god I
think last year was just like pretty
unacceptable or Spence verus Spence
Caron that 2017 msi was also terrible
yeah all right well hey thank you so
much for the call soupy I really
appreciate you have anything you want to
say before we go uh no I just don't hype
up Katie and I think that the caller
before me who was saying Ricky was worse
than caps is also just playing into the
game because Ricky used to be on Katy
and he's probably still got some of that
in them yeah very good well hey thank
you so much taking on Katy as well mate
we will not win mmm have a good night
thanks for having me all right so really
quickly we have an ad break to talk
about our new sponsor drum roll please
our new sponsor a mystery sponsor we
can't talk about yet but it is coming
soon excited to tell you guys all about
that whenever that happens they are
sponsoring this show I want to thank
them for sponsoring this show helps it
make it so that you know I can be doing
this in this hotel room
Marc Marc is able to get some support
he's not getting paid tonight he's not
doing a broadcast for right you know
like Jesus this is he's able to make eat
just make something you know that's what
he's trying to do let me tell you about
the new sponsor a new sponsor has been
around for some time and as they've been
around for maybe less than 500 years in
in more than five minutes they make
products that I think are fantastic it
might be a single product it might be
multiple ones I can't I can't really
disclose that but I'll just tell you
premium fantastic products it's not tidy
cats I know everyone thinks it's tidy
cats I'm shocked and surprised at how
far the tidy cats mean was gone but I
like I just know that was clear when he
said premium products Travis my shit my
cat is happy that it's not tidy cats you
would much rather have this mysterious
gentleman sponsor yes yes well
just for context for you Fox drop a
couple weeks ago we announced the
departure of our previous partner we
knew how we doubt now have a sponsor but
we are not in a position to to announce
them yet so excited to see you just yeah
just say something nice about our
Anonymous sponsor fostro it sounds
amazing honestly I mean I've heard a bit
of whispers you know and from what I
hear I'm like you know anything bad I
can say about the sponsor is the fact
that the viewers can't know what it is
yeah that must be if they knew or
they're missing out on holy shit yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah so anyway thanks so
much to ministry sponsor for your
support of this show
can't wait to announce it more and if if
if you want to support the mystery
sponsor go ahead and here I'm gonna I'm
gonna do a little title tea right action
right now go ahead and just shout out on
Twitter hotline League mystery sponsor
and and if you tweet that out just say
thank you hotline League mystery spot so
I've misspelled it needle eye in there
if you throw that up on Twitter they'll
see it they'll know that you love their
products - and that you wholly endorse
everything they stand for is a brand
hashtag hotline League or ha ha hashtag
hll mystery sponsor throw that out to
them see it in the twitch chat thank you
guys
alright on to the next caller
Mark's gonna go grab them while I read
out some more names including a one
wonderful person named John Zoidberg PhD
who donated $50 and said enjoy Korea
just you guys know I actually know who
that person is they work at Universal
Studios and hooked me and some friends
up with some free tickets to go to
Universal before we left so thank you to
that individual for not only the free
tickets but also the $50 it's super
generous we also have Ned x8i chaat
Zephyr glisten Emin off mace of Mason
men T Turner 0 at 8 toran do
supercharged B lol Scambler 1 adderall X
and Joyce McGill
- thank you very much for your support
of the show we're joined right now
speaking of support of the show joined
by a legend who by the way mark did not
know that he was gonna send the subs did
not know that yesterday he sent 55 and
pulled him into the waiting room anyway
because his question was so good it
stood on its own he didn't have to bribe
us to get on but certainly you know it
it would have helped had he known Kyle
zero eight zero eight is joining us
right now Kyle zero eight era zero eight
where he called from Vancouver very good
I love Vancouver it's a great place to
to go what do you want to talk about the
show tonight I want to talk about a
topic help ease I've been - I want to
say how it's a it's a joke I mean it's a
slap on the wrist or something that in
the past as being some major offenses
and it really sets a bad precedent for
any future committed rulings I mean
specifically when you look at is II and
the Korean coach they should have being
punished much more severely and I
understand that it was these the most
popular player in China but a simple one
game suspension or even larger fines
could have at least shown at greater
intolerance toward this behavior and
even just the regular pair of players
that were issued warnings they should be
held to a higher standard I mean they're
their role models so I think at minimum
so I'm fine should be handed up Cal B
you were at you were managing a team
yeah at some time ago I was named CLG
and there was a bit of a scandal
involving steel Jean which I think one
Nick Allen who's in the twitch chat
right now I don't think he issued the
ruling personally but he was actually
basically the Commissioner of na LCS at
the time I would love for you to sort of
set the stage by describing this
situation and what what took place was
CLG at that time sure so as as far as I
recall the details exactly and I won't
go through like the entire story but
essentially we found a loophole in riots
rules in which we could feel the
substitute roster and send our team to
Korea its boot camp prior to playoffs
coming up because
regardless of our results our standings
would not change so riot understandably
not super excited that we were gonna
field scabs for two weeks in LCS but we
wanted to get the best results possible
we sent the team optic Korea money was
over there we were doing a bootcamp and
in that process we asked riot for
accounts they were not happy about us
going over there they were not super
eager to get us accounts so in the time
while the guys were over there we were
using accounts that we had access to and
then they gave us a competitive ruling
which was a very like meager fine but
the more significant portion of it was
that uh you know the guys got banned
from lck for two years they couldn't go
and compete or I guess was og at the
time you know and this was something
that we were coordinating with right on
you know like we were we were in the
process of getting accounts we we used
them without you know we used non you
know like pariah provided accounts early
without their access because we wanted
to make use of the play time but we
weren't advertising that fact or
anything like that and then we have this
situation that occurs with Uzis where
he's not going to riot to try and get an
account not get access he's just using a
bot or you know like legally provided
account which yes historically has also
brought down much stiffer punishment the
the thing that is like super concerning
to me about this is not only the fine
amount not that like there was no
restriction against him playing in Korea
because I do think that it especially if
Izzy were to win worlds this year like
there's a potential for that guy
potentially having incentive to go play
and lck I don't know if it would ever
happen but like it's not out of the
realm of possibility that he wouldn't
get invited to go play on a Korean team
and make a shit ton of money but that
ruling hasn't been enforced and it was
super light across the board for
something that he did in a much more
malicious fashion I would say and the
bigger concern that I have across all of
this is that like
riot seemed to come in really really
late on this moderation process and like
wasn't watching what was going on the
fact that you have so many of these
players in this region being toxic for a
significant period of time like pro
player accounts and coaches accounts
should be under more scrutiny not less
scrutiny than a regular player account I
loved Eve's account fucking blows my
mind this guy played over a hundred
games with a 70% report rate and he his
account wasn't flagged during that
entire time period and you come back
with like a less than 3k ban and he has
a previous disciplinary offence on his
record how does this happen like how do
you not like have check-ins with players
like well we've been watching you know
like I've been noticing a startling
trend you know like let's let's correct
this behavior immediately like a weekend
or something like that as opposed to
letting it go the like this entire
period so now you have them coming out
being super light and as you said yes I
think setting a really really soft
precedent where these guys can do
whatever the fuck they want and they
don't have to worry about shit like your
your these players are supposed to be
setting a good example and you know what
good job America you had zero player on
the Disciplinary list
you guys are upstanding citizens I just
think they know what I appreciate you
good job just come fly in the face of
Fox drop statement that both EU and na
are toxic because if you look at it I
mean right we're in a way that isn't
gonna get you bad that doesn't go across
like speaking differently we just no one
understands sarcasm from a live the
majority and fuck you kill yourself in
any way
the majority of vitality got flagged for
this three of their players got tagged
for it well so vitality is just a a
bunch of I don't know Fox drop has a
better story than I do I just know that
everyone hates vitality and
like no one wants to scrim them like the
the EU teams like everyone talks about
like regions banding together no one is
banding together with vitality from what
I understand this is just some of the
rumor mill shit I heard that like they
like no one like screaming vitality
because they think they're bad and then
they don't even like their personalities
either Fox traffic speeds so much
anything wrong
is one more thing and then I'll stop
like this the problem too for Riot from
a timing perspective is that this feeds
really heavily into their toxicity
narrative that's going on like you now
have the majority of your world class
not majority you have a very large chunk
of your world class player base showing
up as being toxic leading into the world
championship period where you'd think
like they should be most focused and
most like not doing this shit and here
they are being bad actors and bad
representatives to the scene yeah so
someone made an interesting point I
don't know how true it is that like some
of the reasons na people didn't get
reported or whatever is because they
feel like the NA server has stricter
overall like policing of not just pro
players but people in general and some
people argue that hurts our competitive
pool like people like Tarzan get like
you know perma ban and stuff like that
where some people think that might nest
an homage no just no I'm just
Tyler one had been around for the past
year yeah we wouldn't be talking about
caps we'd be talking about Tyler one
reality that like a lot more people get
banned they feel in na and that's also
probably why when all the other regions
and players had people on this kind of
like list and it was free because we
knew not to do that stuff already the
best players are toxic fighters is what
you're saying I'm not saying I'm just
saying competitive people tend to have a
fire in them that's a nice way of
putting competitive people have a fire
in them and it just Sprint's you know
they want to burn everything down yes
other plays oh boy okay
all right there's the coveted as I said
of mine we just lost like 50% of the
potential gendered sponsors weekend
that's okay I I would say though the
greatest player in the history of North
America never been too toxic soloqueue
player never been involved in in one of
these scandals my boy Peter Banks yeah
I'm sure I had a question do you guys
have any insight on if there's anything
in like the rule book or anything for
like a maximum amount of fines that can
be given to players I know like other
sports they have you know maximum
allowable under the CBA for fines and
stuff like that so we talked to we
talked to Nick about this or I talked to
Nick about this last night Nick Allen
and he said that the rulings that they
gave out were in the courts with the NA
player book but they were like on the
minimum side not the maximum side like
they hit the minimum thresholds for the
fine penalties but then it's and/or you
know like bands or games or other stuff
and they they just all hit the minimum
so sounds like you're saying Nick Allen
believes that these fines were not
that's it sounds like what I'm hearing
from you Kelby Nick is not speaking for
the league he just you know said that
you know he checked the rulebook and
they were in line at least like they
they weren't setting some stupid
precedent that's like lower than rule I
just think the rule because way too
light like you can't have this shit
going on and and even like if you're
gonna have the rules be that light you
need to have policing be to a level
where you're not going to have this
giant thing come out where so many your
players are doing this for an extended
period of time that you had to lay down
these weak-ass fines on everybody yeah I
think that's this the shocker for me is
it's just so much seems that was a point
that I don't cry symbolic in any way I
don't think reflects well on anyone
honestly I don't know how much I should
say because I don't wanna get myself in
trouble I would like to be able to cast
a u.s. yes in the spirit as well yeah
yeah but yeah I just think in general
just it just seemed a little bit okay
that's interesting and I definitely
think there are some kind of like
question marks just about the whole
situation but I the shrunken to me and
and I I can't wrap my head around this
one is you brought this up like the
coach
who add like a certain rapport rate over
in like three four three three games
firstly impressive alright that's a
basic and and secondly like you're the
coach this is this is what to say
it blows my mind when I see like for me
the coach more than anything else all
it's important in a coach isn't
necessarily the kind of like tangible
like whatever League of Legends
hocus-pocus that you want to provide as
a coach just like you're gonna be
coaching people who are probably still
teenagers now most of your roster is
gonna be really really young and that's
something we forget about professional
players they're really young you know
that they're that they're generally most
of them are probably under the age of 20
and more important anything else you
could be a role model like these people
don't know how to act that they're still
learning how that that not only are they
young but the type of people who become
professional players are people we spend
a lot of bloody time not around other
people learning how to be socially adept
human beings you know these people
aren't good at anything social really
are in in general
I'm obviously stereotyping a bit here
but you've got to spend a lot of time
invest a lot of time in the league to
get good a league enough to become an
official player and you know that's it's
just the reality where these people are
they're immature and they're they need
guidance you know and I'm just saying
how can you have a coach that is that
much of a dick like that is just a
complete opposite of what a coach should
be in my eyes and it's like why going
back a little bit of vitality I haven't
heard any of those room deep enough into
the rcs connections to know who's an odd
man who's not really it's it's like with
your mannequin and a lot of what I think
his benefit is to the vitality roster if
you don't know who your mark on his chat
he is he's the coach of vitality is he
he fronts a very confident mature kind
of personality right he's he's only 22
like he's he's not he acts a lot older
than he is and I think that's the kind
of role model but honestly for a team
like I tell you has
personalities on them much less than
Angeles is going to still still the
personalities I think that's important
honestly to have that kind of role model
he's just like okay
lads what you doing being monkey's her
up a little bit you know yeah do we know
why the the different ruling was in
place for sure and fire versus the other
players because that seems really weird
to me I don't know if they did they
dressed more racial yeah that's what I
understood was it was more racial and it
was with regards to play in teams I
don't know how many of the people on
this list were in the playing stage okay
yeah so this is different because each
of these competitive within like Spence
Karen roads and Yoda's and Sharon fires
because each of these competitive
rulings followed racist or culturally
insensitive statements while we
certainly believe grieving teammates and
intentionally feeding is an appropriate
behavior from a professional player no
these another contact at issue in these
levels rose to this level punishment
okay so it's because it's the racial
stuff yeah yeah so on the topic of these
punishments being too light do you think
you would have wanted to see like higher
fines or like suspensions and stuff like
that Kobe I personally would like to see
I don't have greater context into the
exact logs and report rates and stuff
like that I certainly think at a minimum
defines need to be much more significant
and for somebody like you who has a
private previous offense and went
through a hundred games with a 70% rate
I would be fine with that guy being out
of the event totally and I think that
depending on the degree to which these
players were toxic and the number of
games like riot has much better
visibility into that and can completely
justify I think that game suspensions
would definitely be warranted in certain
circumstances it sound like Ozzy could
have been there you you cannot put
people above
their role as actors in the game
I think it's RIT and it needs to be it
needs to be stressed on them like and I
know that riot does this training with
players they did it as early as season
two when we first got into or sorry
season three when we first got put into
LCS we had media training with riot and
they impress upon us the importance of
being good actors and behaving well in
soloqueue and acting responsibly on
social media that you have to put
responsibility on the organizations and
players to uphold this especially at
this point in the year so I think that
the game suspensions would totally be in
line yeah I at a minimum you have to do
with any more significant fines like
these players get paid so much money
you're like you're not doing anything to
them yeah it's it's a joke probably one
of one of my questions is what message
does a sent to people who haven't gotten
the warning yet that oh it's okay I'll
pay fifteen hundred bucks and get a
warning if I ever get caught and then
I'll just be okay like it is long
there's no threat to anybody who hasn't
had this happen to them yet certainly
there's as far as the people who've been
caught but because they've gotten a
warning and now obviously they know that
next time is like in trouble but for
people who haven't like who go to Worlds
for the first time next year and our
feeling frustrating soloqueue they're
like whatever it's like 2k it's fine
it's whatever like yep yeah it just
feels a little weird to with like the
global nature of lis eSports and the
salaries being so different like it
feels like fifteen hundred dollars to
Korean na and maybe even EU and Chinese
excuse me players might sound like
nothing but like for maybe an LMS player
or like an emerging region player that's
like you know it could be more
significant it could be and you're like
a half month salary out of there so like
it feels weird not I don't know what you
would do about it but like some good you
can a lot of other sports they do a
percentage of salary right yeah it's a
percentage of their of their self yeah
but those are also like the reason those
work is because there's a CBA and
everyone's salaries are public like if
he has a personal sponsorship
and makes you know $100,000 a year off
something like that like right can't
touch that money
realistically yeah but you could at
least make it scaling off of the
guaranteed compensation from the league
for the right people players and that
yes complaint yeah all right we've got a
lot to get through
Kyle zero eight zero thank you so much
for calling in Oh Nick Allen says
players signed off on the fine schedule
interesting Nick you should come on the
show talking sign off on that fine
schedule to carry a hundred percent they
specifically knew what they were at risk
because they signed off on that cowsy
right sir I thank you so much you have
anything you want to shout out or say in
here no thanks good shows yeah thank you
so much for the support man that's very
generous of you over the past two days
so and and before that even MSI so thank
you yeah maybe we don't know we don't
know thank you okay Nick do you want to
come on can we get can we get Nick to
say if he's he's gonna come in that'd be
good I messaged him a couple times in
twitch chat needs yeah I don't know I
think he's afk on or he pops in and out
of twitch chat but Nick Allen Nick Allen
if you're hearing this if you hear this
coming through your ma your speakers
please let us know will you come on the
show your your refrigerators running or
whatever yeah but he says I'm here at
Reni join discord Nick Allen is he is he
in discord he says he's in discord ruin
a text a voice channel so I can pull you
in he's been on this show before why is
he struggling getting on it it's he's
probably had a couple of glasses of
whiskey or something I know I know
alright we're almost we're almost here
her I'll just oh he's in the channel
he's in plug calls to brink bringing a
man busy all right you got him
Nick Alan what's good on meat yourself
Nick Alan mooing when you join
yes hello Nick Alan can you please state
your name and title for the call for the
show
my name is Nick Alan and my title is
mystery sponsor okay oh we're funding
the show we finally revealed it you guys
you continue to create such incredible
content yes Nick I do not know that your
salary levels would allow you to spend a
hundred thousand per episode but that is
super cool I have is a person of its
name sponsorship so I mark C is a tough
negotiator yeah yeah those Madison
Square Garden guys just love me yeah
he's like he's like look if you give me
enough money I'll be super biased
towards na yeah every way yeah didn't
take yeah that was easy end of the
bargain no I'm excited about that uh
what can i what can I be helpful with
yeah situation what is your are you
comfortable sharing your personal
opinion about the fines the fines yeah
well like the rulings against up the
players and stuff yeah yeah sure I guess
I was surprised by people's surprise
because the fine scheduled out now with
that being said is the NA LCS fine
schedule but as people know I think like
na and central are pretty closely
affiliated in general you see central
central is the part of riot oh yeah
central they oversee everything that
touches multiple regions when it's when
it's multiple regions of ends up rolling
into the central the central unit yeah
yeah so like it's aligned with na if you
look at this fine schedule it says two
thousand dollars and or suspension I
think it says four-game suspension so
there's a very key or in there so like I
don't think it is all that surprising
that this came out now I think there's a
like a difference between what's
happening now and what happened several
years ago but your time to be upset of
that was when the fine schedule was
originally released not I think it's
been like two years since that thing was
out right so I just think like the time
is
has passed for that argument though you
can hold that opinion but again like
there's no expectations have been set
for the most part well I mean you could
argue that a lot has changed in the past
two years and maybe it's disappointing
that the fine schedule is not kept up
with it right that they haven't updated
it but that's a completely separate
argument though to be making and that's
and that's a fair one to potentially
make as player salaries have increased
dramatically since that time but I think
the also that would lead into an
argument around how fines in general
generally if have a greater impact on
the have-nots versus the haves right
like top players and top teams can
easily afford a 2k fine and that's like
a different point to bring up um whereas
again like two marks earlier point
emerging regions smaller teams newer
teams are all gonna you know be more
challenged but I like that level of fine
so but again these are all separate
arguments over the fact that like that
this thing that's too light so I think
that I think it was perfectly aligned
with expectations that were set I think
that's as a league operator that's like
the most important thing to to do and
actually you know as during my time ever
I was one of my biggest regrets not
setting some expectations and standards
earlier Nick do you you used to be the
guy who everyone memed about fines so in
a sense you are perhaps the kind expert
do you do you think that like okay you
you didn't used to have a fine schedule
when you were there and you have it kind
of come up with your own perception of
this stuff do you think that you know if
the fine schedule didn't exist would you
have approached the the rulings against
all these players in the same way
because it just feel like this is
lighter than what was the case at riot
in the past yeah I think the things that
we always kept in mind was the biggest
thing is precedent like what is done
before but again what this was about
like a schedule and expectations being
set but always looking back as to like
what have we done in the past is this in
line with what we've done and the second
point the earlier conversation is this
in line with the state of the ecosystem
both
like a financial perspective or
otherwise so those are like the two
things so I don't you know I think if
there wasn't a fine schedule you look
back like hey the expectations for this
or the precedent for this is like we
have people who've been banned from
competing and leagues and potentially
that's that's what you do but again like
you you set expectations you talk with
like a bunch of the stakeholders in the
ecosystem the players the team owners
the the league runners everybody to come
up with this thing and and usually
people you know come around on this is
the expectation this is everyone's
bought in yeah do you a final question
here unless anybody else has somebody
want to throw in there but what woody
are you surprised at the lack of
suspensions because you're saying you're
you're not surprised because this is in
line with the fine schedule there was
the option for them to suspend that did
not happen at all
so why are you surprised at all that
there's no suspension that's a good
question
the implications of a suspension are
absolutely massive both from a
competitive integrity perspective and a
viewership perspective like I'm not sure
who wins in this stage in the situation
in which someone is suspended like that
I guess like integrity and maybe the
losers would be account sellers because
or whatever I don't know what happens
but yeah I think no one really wins so
I'm not surprised heading into Worlds as
something like this happened or rather
didn't happen because I all to me I do
think it's it's it makes for a better
tournament for this person again I feel
like the future of the game and the
competitive scene wins because I'm
afraid now that they've set a light
precedent as you've stated and this is
not an effective deterrent and if if we
see the same thing happen next year
nobody is at risk of any suspensions
nobody's at risk of any serious fines
unless the fines schedule changes yeah
and there's there's no reason for this
behavior to change because if somebody
gets suspended next year they'd say what
the fuck
shir you had 12 of these cases none of
them got suspended and I buy the logs or
buy the information they were willing to
release it seems like a lot of this was
really bad especially in Newsies case
where it was not only toxicity but
account sharing and done in a like you
know like in a militia state where
previously like that has received some
really really harsh penalties and right
has come down really hard on people so
now like next year what happens I think
I think those are that's a solution when
there is a systemic problem versus a
one-off case like if it went in and like
riot was looking was like there's
actually 30 players who have you know
bought it accounts or whatever like this
is a problem that is really bad if that
starts to become a system problem I
think you you start to have to really
crack down and so I think to address the
point if you're right I think what you
do is you you do this one time if it
becomes really bad then you make an
ultimatum and you say hey from here
going forward because this is such a key
issue we're gonna be like doing
permanent suspensions or like long-term
suspensions I think that you give people
a chance and then you you drop the super
deterrent and that allows you to
maintain like top players are just
players in league in general with like
good expectations around what the
implications are while also being able
to deter this type of behavior going
forward but it's super complex because
you don't wanna ban out your whole
league or you don't wanna you know and
anyone honestly because it's bad for
everybody these people to get to your
bands when your band effectively ruins
their can ruin their whole career yeah
it's a bit of like you get to have your
cake and eat it too I think I think that
if you if I were riot setting the
precedent with Uzis for a game
suspension at least is totally is the
best of both worlds because that team is
making it out of groups regardless of
whether or not they have a Z for one
game and or or even multiple games and
you say to people hey you
you do this we will suspend you for
games and we've set a precedent for
being able to spend you four games where
is now like like this comes off so light
to me like I said I think that 12 is
like I know that it's one time window
but 12 instances speaks to me of a
systematic from we have this elongated
time period that nobody is getting
checked on nobody's getting checked with
checked in on it's just this is
including the behavioral stuff there's
yeah yeah well so one of the things and
we could we should wrap this up too
because we got five collars to go but
okay so cool I'll jump off I'll just say
one last thing I don't disagree with you
Kel be like a one-game potentially could
have been an option to set a next you
know set precedent but also also satisfy
other goals but I would say that is a
very different perspective than like a
two-year ban which we had seen you know
a few years ago right
like I think anyway just address it it
is it is very very different on
perspective on how you should approach
these things yeah
yeah anyway all right I'll jump off you
guys got a bunch of colors Fox drop
what's up dude nice to talk with you
catch it hey buddy okay cool
moving on thanks to Nick for the last
minute by the way everyone it's late
Nick's tired you know give him a he came
in last minute so thanks thanks for
doing that and everybody be nice to him
alright moving on to the next caller I
got a couple of shoutouts buh buh Cola
gifted us up to you nice try and a lear
twisted true subbed fool on a hill for
three months
11th eight gifted us up to fox drop
congratulations fox drop on your sub
it's the best gift somebody can give
think about that going of the holiday
season that's a great thing at t he's in
chunked tacit 8080 penguin coach miss
lee and luna bumblebee tuna with nine
whole months Thank You Luna bumblebee
tuna we got our next caller on the show
an arbiter an arbiter where you come
from
just south of Lansing Mason Michigan
Brigid what do you what do you want to
talk about this show tonight and why 100
these has the best chance for any to get
out of groups
oh my all right let's go do doing this
call now all right no no yes a few days
ago I would have said this is the
spiciest topic okay okay look looking
into the meta how I'm cooking an open
mind just so you know how it is evolved
it worlds it's very much a top lane
jungle centric meadow where as in the NA
playoffs it was very much around the bot
lane jungle centered bot lane mid jungle
synergy Sunday is in my opinion sorry
I'm sorry it's late right here no no go
for it's just okay don't worry
fine it's I'm letting I'll be spending a
lot of prep can we spend another
freshman you don't worry you're good
just so summed it you were saying some
day and a wall not the best jungler and
they can have has an easy one condition
with camping for Sunday I think I think
I do think fnatic is a lock for number
one in that group and I think people are
under playing the shiz injury very good
to show this be nice box drop before
before I let Kelby go crazy on this you
you you weren't even talked to much in
the last couple of calls so why don't
why don't we let you what do you think
is an outsider I feel like okay so 400
thieves to get out of that group either
a fanatic or IG have to chip the bed and
relying I mean only one of them has to
you know you don't have to have finished
- right yeah just a lot but if mr.
cooler for Michigan here says that
Frank's a lot for top one that means you
I G is gonna fall out right yeah
go ahead sorry gosh I think the shiz
recent wrist injury is going to play a
lot into his ability to
keep up with the other top laners I
think that's a way that so as Ken at
very least keep that stable enough for a
reckless to potentially catch up catch
up with what I would call a G's
incredibly question mark heavy bottling
and I do think that caps can go toe to
toe with rookie even though I do think
rookie overall is a better mid laner I
think that bracha is a better jungler
how do you feel about ryu going up
against rookie um I like reuse chances
against rookie better than I like
impacts odds against EDG okay but that's
not the question that I'm asked well
while he's saying he's asking he's
saying huh I mean it's para for him to
say that right because it's argument is
hundred she's the best chance right yeah
okay yeah okay
no yeah alright that's that's fine
except that oh man I just I also
disagree with that because Rey is mostly
on tank duty which is exactly what
impact wants to play yeah but impact has
a lot of his stuff about neutralizing
the top lane I'm especially with how
cloud9 react to the meta well I'm saying
the lissandra pick was a good pick but
I'm not entirely sure that cloud 9 had a
good read on the meta and they're in
Group B so they're completely fucked so
sorry
innocence impact has built his thing
about neutralizing top lane preventing
teams from getting advantage I I don't
see it happening against Katie I think
Katie is a solidly put together team and
while EDG has some question marks
GL's in getting plan is to win and
double it book it and i don't i've not
from what i've seen a world so far on
the current meta I'm not impressed with
the condition that ADC is uh Caixa has a
pretty insane win rate see if people
give that to him
if the player
not really is it is it true though he
got the first-ever pentelic I say is it
true though that seeing psychosis I I
think you bad caisson I don't yeah yeah
a hundred percent yeah a great is I just
so is it true that by the way just sorry
is it true that world's met is straying
towards the top lane I need some weird
because the two strongest pics in the
meta I would argue outside maybe Caixa
are eight rocks in her got and in planes
we saw those left up all the fucking
time and that's somewhat of a skill
matchup and so you know people have
different opinions on which one it's
slightly favored forward but either way
go either way
and people keep leaving it up and then
the better player
absolutely but blast the worst player
and it feels like the top lane is
deciding a ton of these games but when
you ban those two out it actually
becomes a really standard controlled
game and so like you start worrying
about getting your Botley in ahead and
you have a lot of for the most part
control mages there are still some
assassins in the mid lane mid lane pool
is pretty pretty open but like it's not
like mid lane is like 1v9 Inge like it
has in previous seasons and it feels
like if you ban out the two carries top
which feels like there's only about two
that you have to really ban out then it
becomes a bobbling focus meta so here's
something that I bring up here as well
I'm gonna argue with you mister officer
here okay
I'm gonna be on your side says to me -
okay that's fair so I would say to two
points wanna make it firstly won't
matter always changes and adapt during
the course of the tournament we see that
time and time again I remember a common
Brit is that create what year it was in
but that was at one year when Jana was
just like out on my web and suddenly
she's like pick/ban I think it was
season for maybe a common but either way
it happens right we see so maybe we'll
see something come up that is like a
third player here in that aatrox top
lane game right maybe there will be
something that comes out someone just
sighs like oh I know actually clared is
ridiculously good into one of these guys
or some whatever I'm changing it you
know I mean maybe something develops
there but then changes the way that it
goes and
100 thieves someday and even seem to
quit impact like those guys are really
good specifically someday here okay our
folks on Sunday as well because if we're
gonna say that shiz injury his his
physical injury is a problem there is
one thing I will say though the Khorasan
saga that happened during the playoffs
with 100 thieves that's always gonna be
a question mark here and and let me pose
a question to the entirety of this of
this show here and you guys switched out
there listening what do you think hurts
more physical injury an injured hand or
an injured heart and my question is holy
son this might sound like I'm arguing
against myself here but that depends
what region you're from an n a broken
heart um we've seen week two na yeah
that's awesome sure yeah the other
question is can you sub out a broken
heart cuz Duke is still on the roster
and he's still good um that's actually
something I've been trying to look up I
as far as I can tell 100 hundred these
substitute isn't stated anywhere I it's
for Cara I'm pretty sure he's in Korea
bootcamping for the most part and I
think if I'm one of those track the pro
things I think I saw or a car I had more
I'm probably gonna fuck this up so I
shouldn't just say it but I I thought I
saw her car was playing more games or
less games of soloqueue or something
that okay which would imply that he's in
Sprint's right but I think I'm I don't
remember from games right so don't put
don't put any stock in that okay forget
what I saw so it is the yeah so if Cody
son like falls off the deep end I think
you can put in Recaro he didn't look
completely awful in na playoffs that's
high praise yeah
in fairness he went against doublelift
so I don't know how much wheat stock can
be put into that but a big drop-off
doublelift a reckless yeah
I'm Jackie love Jack I object I think
Jack I think Jackie loves 17 it said was
said earlier I think nerves will play an
issue whether it'll play in it of enough
of an issue for a hundred things to
actually get out of groups will
obviously be like to be seen but I still
think with Jackie with Jackie love
having the potential for nerves with the
shy having his injury and in my opinion
you having that wind condition that you
can go through the top lane and play for
late game possibly with Cody Cody son of
the botlane 100 thieves has a better
chance of getting out of the groups than
to yell
alright I've let you guys go on for long
enough about this let's bring this back
to reality for just a quick moment okay
so like if we are just going to
generally look at this on in simplest
terms we are it sounds like we are
comparing tiel's odds against EDG versus
a hundred tees odds against IG right I
think that across like the group most
people would consider IG to be the
stronger Chinese team right now than EDG
right so Tia or a hunter tee has to beat
the tougher Chinese team and then if
we're comparing a hundred T to TL in
their most recent four most recent
performances there's a fucking ocean
between them okay
like the matches that I watched a
hundred T play in playoffs and in the
gauntlet compared to or sorry not in the
gauntlet a hundred T play on playoffs
versus like TL they are so far apart
like TL completely smashed that region
and a hundred T didn't even like get
there to face them so like you I could
understand like if you're making the
argument that the meta like you know the
Medes
changing and you know like there's gonna
be these unique matchups and encourage
intricacies that that make up this
slight disparity where these guys are
gonna edge ahead but that's not the case
the case is that a hundred T is batting
from like so far behind they have so
much to make up that I don't think that
there is the time or like skill on the
team for them to golf the ocean that
needs to be crossed in order for them to
beat the stronger Chinese team to get
out of groups I expect a hundred T to
get smashed I expect I think a hundred T
could end up last in their group I want
to ask lb now that we know specifically
who's in their group and we've seen G
Rex play in plans right how confident
are you in G or six first hundred
thieves I mean oh god I I just I don't
know what we'll see but I don't think
there's any chance that one hundred T
makes it out and as we discussed on
previous shows and as you know Fox Rob
said earlier I think it necessitates a
fanatic or IG collapse which probably is
more likely to be fanatic and then 100 T
needs to walk in and what the one thing
that 100 T has going for them I will say
is that they are probably in a complete
no fucks given state of mind which is
really helpful for worlds like you go
out you don't have a lot of pressure a
lot of expectations their entire
previous like last highest episode was
like woe is us nobody expects us to do
good blah blah blah we don't deserve
world's first off I do think 100 G does
deserve world's I don't think they are
the third best team from the region but
they do deserve to go to Worlds but they
will they can go out and they can play
their game probably without a lot of
stress and you know maybe get some
momentum catch people off-guard it's
best the ones that's I don't think it
happened in terms of G Rex I I saw the
plans I watched every game they only
play in team I have any kind of
confidence in to perform as EDG yeah
yeah I feel the same for the most right
like
you G Rex looked good smashing what I
would say is a lesser when you're having
it lesser skill match up your other
saying a bunch of the of what we'd call
wildcard regions stepped up or we're
saying that these teams were not much
better than what do you guys think we
need to wrap this up go for it yeah well
this is a larger question just go for it
and I'll give short answers
sure sure I would I'm curious to know
like what do you think a hundred ortiz
attitude for bootcamping and preparation
for this an event has been by the way
somebody I think chef why are you into
it justice
man this new intro for the heist is
super good I think they're a team of
veterans with a coach who has been to
Worlds a bunch of players who have been
to Worlds I think I expect them to have
a very professional approach to
preparing for worlds I think they're
motivated I think if there is an na
coach that could get that team motivated
it was would either be Kane or probably
and probably happens to be the coach of
under D I've got a question is prolly an
n/a coach 180 you coach Mizanin a coach
do you want him he's a coach not really
but no I'm should rephrase that wasn't
the question I was asking it's more like
he got his feet way and you write
Sameach on what he did not get his feet
wet in Europe he got his feet wet being
a complexity player playing and of
course in North America we tend zigs I
meant the phone there but as a coach we
didn't think we wanted prolly and then
he went to freakin EU and h2k was a
thing who say sometimes I look like what
a bad way I can see that a little bit
you're nothing you're more handsome
pretty face yeah probably probably is
also a good-looking dude you're more
handsome
yeah I I do I do think hundred thieves
benefits from having extremely low
expectation extremely low expecting
yes you probably haven't prepped them as
much and I do think as much as AIG is
better I do think their physical injury
physical injury on the shy and because
of that an easier way to process the
deal with rookie and dick fan and a
unproven on an international stage a
kilo of 100 T has a better chance of
dealing of dealing with IG then at TL
that I need sorry I'm hoping for I'm
hoping for TL I'm I'm a double a fanboy
but I I don't see it finally I'll say
about the whole coming in as underdogs
like he'll be was kind of alluding to it
can't go too far we're like yeah it's
nice on stage when people don't respect
you and you have nothing to worry about
but like the month-long of practice
leading up to it can fucking destroy you
yeah if you like you expect your own
odds yeah
all right cool hey I'm remembering your
name so I can come back to this I
nominate groups go they the way they go
an arbiter I will say this I thank you
for coming on the show cuz I think you
had a unique take and I think that your
argument was a fair one I don't know I
mean it's a stretch in a lot of areas
but at least you have something to back
it up for sometimes people call it in
they're like Arnold
alright anyway thank you so much yeah
well no I really appreciate it these are
the best call for sure yeah thanks have
a good one all right we got ten minutes
and three calls so we're gonna have to
power through it that guy was fucking
high I'm just kidding thank you why
Souris a vicious vegan rama sure trout's
villar gavel sis and mighty Wonka
hopefully we got an e you call because I
feel like fox trap where we're having a
hard time keeping them awake it's
closing in on what 6:00 a.m. long time
to go until these games start yeah you
can take a nice three-hour nap yeah yeah
Palin death yeah was it fall in time
fallen time is here where you come from
fall in time I am calling from will
Packer Wisconsin Wisconsin we got a lot
of interesting seats coming in what do
you want to talk about long time I want
to talk about how
- we'll get group stages things -
Hardman alright here we go
Whitley because of the Heimerdinger band
I love the back to back we've got we had
hunter T in the last one to mark you you
timely as well and g2 in this before I
let Fox drop grab this one
Fox drop can you help with the
pronunciation oh yarn in origin in oh I
know choice I mean honestly if you look
at his birth stigma it's probably
Brittany kyojin but I think his mother
when he talks you into bed at night it
nice we charge no that doesn't sound
right you know sorry alright it's time
to say for sure wait did the cool did
you say human I said Carolyn oh Jesus I
didn't when she's right head and I was
like this must be a Wisconsin people
show I you know I will I feel Georgians
Heimerdinger he's definitely an asset
for that team anytime you get a free
band that's always on what's his face
Sven was very public with some comments
about how everyone is way under rating
charging and his capabilities on on this
team but for me what I'm more looking at
is if you're looking at one team's
expectations and how they will succeed
you have to look at the competition's
expectations and how they will fail and
for me I think when you've got flash
wolves in a frico being those two most
likely teams to be to be the top two of
that group right
flash wolves last year 2017 dumpster
fire and to me I think that team was
better than this team personally because
they had cancer and caster is I'll give
you one of the stones in the world so
that could happen again you know they
have there's a precedent there for that
team to collapse and fold them on the
world stage also on top of that I think
a free career is the weakest lck team in
watts I think being the weakest Korean
team at Worlds doesn't mean you're a
weak team there's probably five or six
teams in the lck that could come into
wards and get out a group stage but for
me I think a free cruise just like I'm
just not I'm not on of cent convinced by
that you know I wrote some I wrote a few
notes down cuz I knew some some some
random dickhead would come on this show
and say who's gonna get our groups and I
was like I've got to be prepared for
this one so for me this is a difficult
one predictor I just this group in
general and it's because of Africa so if
I scroll down to our notes here okay
actually I didn't write anything about
Africa for Brett yeah maybe the mystery
sponsored campaigns from editors out
there but but on so I reckon 2016
caution mine back okay
and I was a long time ago but 2016 Alba
snots Luna you guys may have heard of
this team yeah world Warcraft Legion had
just come out
I was spam the shit out that game back
then well was a good video game and I
was watching it not 6:00 in the morning
because it was a bit more generous
timings for me to watch well back then I
was also a destroyed in the group say so
in foreign to and had to play a
tiebreaker with Roxanna okay boy you
know more about than I do because I
don't know what pony part leads so they
would they be Rox Tigers in the group
stage they beat them I'm row Saiga's
went on to go and play SKT in in the
finals and lost in the best-of-five so
rocks weren't a crap team by any means
they were a good Korean team and even
coming into the tournament anyone fall
they'll go to Korean team I was sort of
surprised everyone to even get into the
group stage took planes leave but either
way they got out of the group stage they
they beat you - and so G I think in that
group the point is wildcard teams you
can't write them off nowadays I think
that they are actually a lot investor
ones there's always a chance
let's say to wrap on to the point that
mr. corners making here for wood Buffalo
they Nick a game off of off of Africa
could totally happen all fash walls and
then if G to like split gains with
everyone and then but if they spit games
the flash wolves are Freaker and then
you know they'd be from Blue Buffalo
suddenly they're looking like they're
the number two team right so I think
that it's a team that you can't
necessarily write off having said there
now now that I have said that sorry for
what the Vietnamese fans out there I've
jinxed your team they're gonna go zero
and six whatever isn't the crew stage
generally speaking I think if it's gonna
happen if the Korean team is gonna
disappoint people in the world's stage
in the group stage it's dear free freaky
freaks I love the picture you painted
there's so many similar you set 2016
group a because they were really
volatile Rox Tigers like they played a
lot of Kerry tops they were kind of
truly a little crazy
I wouldn't say Africa is quite as truly
but they played Kerry tops sometimes
that backfires they were a little
erratic in their own region Wow also
just came out with a new expansion if
you remember back then Albus NOx Luna
was saying that they couldn't get scrim
so they were just playing wow I think
what I think where Fox drop was gone was
to tell g2 in Buffalo to not actually
play league but to play the new WoW
expansion huh just saying it could work
it that's we were talking about the with
fines and precedents and how this work
precedent it's a very important word
we're hanging on to very much and hey I
just want to say there is a precedent
Florida Walker after increasing their
chances of winning it was just great
it's working right now maybe it's scales
with the quality of the expansion hey
time long time I'm very sad because you
wanted to call in argue how GT was gonna
make it out we didn't talk about g2 at
all in this we talked about their
opponent well we don't have much time
left jump anyway meter how much time
left you you have an argument you wanna
make on the way out I just want to say
like I'm
now the heimer dig man's can be good I
mean you got a band collie aatrox
hopefully kites are God if they don't uh
don't ban the heimerdinger okay you get
the Heimerdinger and if they crush it
they crush it and then you crush g-tubes
hopes and decent chunk of the europe's
hopes and dreams of getting out well you
know I think that hard-on will there
whatever yeah whatever
close to them their ad carry their ad
carry I mean you're drawing a band it's
it's a qss man you're just gonna be good
matter what we're good thing yep thank
you yeah yeah before I grab the next
caller two things I want to hit him
really quickly I actually think he has a
very legitimate point about the himer
band watching the g2 series versus oh my
god who'd they play infinity it was
tough for them other teams playing
against g2 on red side to not leave like
one of the three college another power
pick that gets through and I think she
is a little easier to contain than some
of the top lane ones but like the himer
band is really annoying because you
basically get no red side bands if
you're doing himer aatrox uh and so you
basically just leave up whatever g2
wants the other thing is on this ven
points tears because i always have like
an opposite thing we're like I often
have my earpiece out while planning
segments and like talking to the people
around me so I don't know what casters
are saying and so like when when people
say like we're super flamin yarn and I'm
like are we oh yeah we are I actually
don't even know yeah yeah I think it
said if maybe I want to bad things I
said about them or say oh that was
questionable yeah he's being
questionable domestically and with their
question marks about whatever you know
you can spray something like that and
then people like BAM yeah well not air
cannons a piece of shit not John's Goku
himself Mark said Xian are you
competitive bet whatever you know and
people just that's it explodes it blows
up and then that's what people so spins
I think spin is more slightly reacting
to people's reactions to what they are
interpreting from from broadcast which
might not necessarily
be you know as I could yeah and to be
fair like uranium in some sense is
someone that gets over talked about
relative to his position in a play in
format because a lot of times with what
you know as the broadcast scene we're
trying to do is talk about like how
could this team lose the teams that are
probably worse than them and a lot of
the times at least like a spotlight on
like the team's you know air quotes
worst player I think a lot of people
would say yarn is probably the weakest
player on g2 now like he's necessarily
bad but like up again site not who's
supposed to be the best player from
supermassive now we see a potential
mismatch and da-da-da-da-da and suddenly
like it sounds like we're trying to pin
the blame on him but if you actually
watch the segment's we said we were way
more disappointed in like yank OS and
perks for not carrying or anything like
that
let's move on to the next caller because
we've got two more to go two more
mmm-hmm couple shoutouts really quick
thank you to mighty Wonka Chef Boyardee
for twenty two an event Nexus for eight
months and Rama shear for the hundred
bits should be coming in how you holding
up fuck strapping attired yes no I'm
good I I was struggling during the fine
Sigma because I didn't have anything to
say yeah
and that went on for a while I mean I
was like he'll be verse Nick Allen
really reminded is it like sports in
silver back King Titan is on the show
King Titan where you come from
I am calling from Atlanta Georgia
Atlanta Georgia and thank you for being
a twitch sub what do you want to talk
about on the show tonight I just want to
talk about how I don't think Rhea has
like a free win for Worster yeah like
how the first guy was talking about how
he's winding everyone that Korea was
just gonna win I don't think that's
really the case how come well firstly
like I'm looking at the group's and I
don't think Korea is just like gonna
stomp other groups like especially Group
B I think Genji can lose against RNG
like without too much effort and I think
if cog nine aren't shit and Jensen isn't
kind of
surely he can actually like do something
against that team and so that brings up
a world where Korea doesn't even have a
team coming out of Group B and then
Group A and C I think sorry I'm I I hate
to interrupt
I never interrupt callers but you just
insinuated the potential of cloud nine
who almost didn't make it out of planes
beating Genji and getting second place
in their group is that yeah because okay
no I'm sorry continue continue well I
got it I got it I think literally the
only reason why they were at that point
because they were just playing really
really bad and it's like sorry continue
yeah so I said they're playing really
bad and from like what I've seen that
these players can do if they're actually
playing on form and if they're playing
well I think they can not to take that
those games away from Genji which would
mean there's a possibility they don't
make it out of that group okay then for
Group C like I just really want team
that get to win I mean they look really
strong and kt rolster is probably that's
a tough one to beat but again i think
like i think 4 kt rolster and a freakish
they're really strong teams but i think
it is possible for the other teams in
those groups to take the games off of
them and if it's a possibility for them
to removes gains obviously it's a
possibility that they don't even get out
of groups I mean it's definitely
possible it's technically not impossible
I which can I ask follow-up questions
yeah so which Korean team do you feel
like has the easiest path out or the
most realistic path the easiest I might
give it to a
Frigga freaks I think kt rolster might
be like I like kt rolster over afreeca
freeze but I think Team Liquid and
edward gaming are just like more of a
threat to them so do you think that
Genji has the hardest right Jun Jie
sorry Genji sorry uh honestly yes it is
hard just because I think RNG like I
said it's a good team that can take the
games off them and I think cloud 9
at their peak at their best performance
can do that as well
whether or not they're actually gonna be
like that is a whole another story but
if that happens then I think Genji is
looking like they could get third place
in that group fox drop what are your
thoughts on CNI and after watching them
through play ins and how they'll stack
up versus vitality to be the team that
takes Jin right I was gonna say there
are a few things here and one of them is
we ain't even mentioned by today they're
in this according to mark no one wants
to talk about eyetality yeah I think you
know if I tell you two games of fnatic
even late on into the season when fnatic
were like really solidify themselves as
like really buddy could team right at
the way they play it they'll demolish
you early and then no snowball through
that and whatever problem with right
Ally is they don't want to early they
keep trying to snowball and it's like
yeah it just sends up in them losing
really buddy hard because they don't
have like a boss which right but you
know I I I feel like you know there's
two to two takeaways I want to take this
conversation yeah between mr. Pooler and
Colby you're honorable gentlemen sitting
to my left I think that Kobe the way you
say roots is funny you said route which
is I find that interesting because I
sing English people say routes not route
alright I'll think about it
phonetically it should be route
shouldn't it I mean it's felt well we're
running out of time on this episode so
okay so the more important thing is mr.
cooler a hundred percent agree with you
that the the Koreans are not guaranteed
anything and they're absolutely kt
rolster completely could falter
teamliquid
and a freak at their trash and Genji
like that it's tough but that all relies
on one thing and this is something that
in the world that you're painting but
other i think is actually gonna be a
really cool part of this and that is the
jet lag for these korean teams as long
as that's really high
i completely agree with you and I think
that would all happen really really jet
lagged on that train to Busan yeah it's
it's from one corner of the country to
the other
it's like going to LA I agree the jet
lag on that yeah that's insane
I'd like to go back to your original
point which I agree with I think that
it's not a given that Korea wins worlds
this year and this is probably the most
vulnerable they've ever seen I think the
biggest way a differentiate between what
the caller saying what Kel be saying is
like when I think of Korea not winning
world's I think it has nothing to do
with group stage I think what happens is
like RNG it's the best of five versus
and non-korean team and quarters has to
be the Korean team and semies and it
meets a Korean team and finals they have
to win two best ophisaurus Korean teams
and that's how Korea doesn't win world's
not like they all mysteriously flop out
of groups or something yeah wouldn't it
be sick of no Korean she made it out of
grapes in Korea it would be that would
be crazy
I assure that the home crowds would be
so enthusiastic 'its yeah all the
Chinese fans would fly over by all
tickets yeah hey um can I ask a quick
question
yeah words we're going long for this one
please I'll try and keep very short so I
mean it's mostly a mark because you've
told mostly about algae and stuff so
everyone these algae like the favorites
that number on the Korean come now
and I've talked a bit about ID we've
touched upon them but what do we think
about IDs chances in a best-of-five
against Cruz I think so you'll Kobe I
mean you know better than ideas
certainly I was gonna say I have a
couple like smaller concerns like the
injury thing like how Wells you stack up
cuz smeb and Keon are really disgusting
and even cubic it's like these nasty
buff so I think all the Korean top
laners will largely neutralize like the
Shire do you ever they use so like I
don't have advantage to the top lane lot
Lane I don't think they really have many
advantages and then rookie is like their
one strong point who I could see abusing
crowns or Kuro potentially but like I
don't think that's enough and a
best-of-five to upset these guys well
they they took orange itza to five games
in the song yeah but I saw like orangey
is a better team fighting team then IG
and I think like that's ultimately
something you're gonna need in the
best-of-five I think I mean like yeah
they did take them to five but I didn't
feel like like it just didn't look like
something that would work as well
against the Korean team I think Ning
could could maybe pop off and that could
be like a big snowball factor yeah we're
good hey alright thank you so much King
Titan for calling in it is a pretty hot
take and my god will you get a lot of
reddit karma if you clip this and poster
them all that shit happens happens I
want you to get my PayPal you give to
your mysterious sponsor so that they can
hook me up I don't I'm not sure how
that's how sponsorship on the thanks
guys if you are wrong what do we get if
you're wrong
absolutely nothing thank you guys have a
good one he's gone alright let's move on
to the next caller the last last caller
I didn't even get to dismantle his
argument we don't have time for you to
smile all these arguments Calvi well
like he came in and he said look freaky
Korean teams might not even make it out
of groups the cloud9 is gonna beat these
guys the team that like
we we were watching this game Travis and
we were like holy shit is this actually
going to happen are really really to
make it through playing real prism sworn
sword why I'll just say that the takes
are getting more and more delusional as
the night runs okay well we're gonna end
with this one real prism sword what do
you want to talk or where you calling
from
I'm calling from New York City New York
City very good what completely
reasonable wonderful tape do you have
for us to have a reasonable good nature
conversation about my super nuclear hot
take of the night and I'm ready for the
ball of lols in chat and that one sneaky
lul is that every na team ASA groups and
the sole EU team that makes out of
groups is gonna be g2 surprisingly okay
but do you actually believe are you just
slowly dropping doing anything but I
think the main point that I want to
bring out this instead of just saying
any words is that people forget the
amount of wins you need to get out of
groups and all the pressures like you
forgot me I will bring it down bring it
down first because it is it's something
I'm just saying words and besides that
so to go into you the European part
first of the g2 makes it out all the
pressures on fnatic and every single
year that Gigi's been at Worlds they've
had the most expectations and they've
never ala groups like the first time is
showed they went like what one in five
and then they got cloud out then the
most recent here they went I think three
and three it was and they got it was
like a sad story
ot - doesn't make it out I feel like
since everyone sees GT performance that
they're like wow like look at them
including stages through chance they'll
make it out of groups I think this is
probably the strongest chance and no one
cares about them okay why you didn't you
didn't say why you just said I feel with
nothing behind it most strategic wise
instead of just talking about feeling
and storylines should seasick wines j2
does have the heimerdinger been like
strategy where teams are kind of forced
to go against that they don't have
strategies against it
I feel like that's probably g2 strongest
chance okay our family in APEC yeah
what's amazing is the only reason g2
gets out of their group is because
there's no na team in their group I
think that's the takeaway yeah anyways
awesome na takes and we'll start off
with the Team Liquid since that's kind
of like the poster board child event a
right now and they are by far the
strongest I know you need a little cloud
like that myself go for it
yeah Casey is gonna take first without a
doubt in their group and I feel like
regardless of how well a liquid those
against Casey the real take aways they
have to take from this group would be
beating EDG and mad and EDG conversely
was the strongest playing groups or
playing team compared to cloud nine who
almost got knocked out compared to g2
lost the game going into the groups and
I feel like liquid even though na
historically has been a wishy-washy
region some sometimes cloud nine it's
like the sole hope and then they just
get yeah we don't need the historical
context get through it yeah yeah but
Team Liquid prove themselves like well
virtually and na that no any team has
like standard play even close to them
like they're the set play team of na so
to say so I feel like even though they
had the hardest currency in my opinion
in Casey role stirs I feel like the two
wins or the two things that the beat to
get secure second seed is against EDG
and then I feel like they can most
likely get wins against them okay now
how do you think that both 100t and
cloud nine are gonna make it out of
their groups hundred thieves in cloud
and i are buying me the least convincing
on a team because people do forget you
could get their groups with only three
wins and done you'd have to like go
through tiebreakers and whatnot like I'm
not saying like Oh hundred days and go
0-3 and like the first rotation of play
and then they'll make the miraculous or
wind runs they get to groups but I feel
like they'll find
one wishy-washy win against like G Rex
of all people and then um then week two
they'll like step it up and then like
seed one from Group D will be Invictus
and then in like a dramatic tiebreaker
fashion against fnatic
they'll get the win they need to force a
tiebreaker and then in the tiebreaker
they'll just barely scrape by it like
they'll probably be the weakest even
quartered by those going into this so
you're you're back on the field thing
you feel this way but why do you feel
this way most people like with every
single color that's walking into the I
balanced at these there's just the zero
faith and zero pressure like they have
the yeah they watch the news yeah no
pressure in their games and Cody song
has lost himself
remember when he handed fnatic that win
last season when he drew them in I feel
like he obviously would not feel he
wants to get that redemption story he
wants to work hard with that for me to
heard the tide of any Lowell and he'll
probably just scrape by with the three
wins and then force a tiebreaker
so because Cody son wants to rewrite his
narrative it's going to carry 100 T
through their group with a rosy washy
wins okay okay cool now how how about
cloud 9 what is the cloud 9 narrative
what is the internal struggle that's
gonna push them past the opponents in
their group coach Reapers belt is pretty
strong and okay lay as strong as I love
boobs belt by the way yeah joke aside Bo
like clown binds the navel is scraped by
in groups just by like oh hey like we
managed to the beat SPC and this type of
con I've been to so it it sucks that
this probably cloud lines weakest
showing at Worlds so excuse me so far
and even though this is the Rika
showings I do feel not man the feeling
word plans did allow the rookies to get
practice for their games and it sounds
like oh no they
they teach eclis played five games to
the last minute to be able to get as
much stage nerves defeated for their
ease but they have to realistically play
have a sneaky person Suzie which sounds
like a homo sneaky and lame kind of
thing because Genji will most likely be
the Titan story of Group B like
historically speaking like Samsung slash
Genji was like like the Korean group
stage like they are the weakest Korean
group by feeling not feel again there we
go I know why do you you can say feel
but you have to say why you feel that
way well this based on this three Genji
has been like the least consistent
Korean team in groups like I'm saying
this is like oh they just barely scrape
by in groups like they obviously like
stomp groups each time like when they
were Samsung and then they like they
lost to TSM I think it was like a year
or two ago but then like they just
turned it back out they're gonna have
our Korean let's just win and then they
just brought it back like I'm not saying
like they're gonna like falter groups
like oh wow Genji got laughs and fights
how he got ahead I mean in terms of
they'll just play standard play they'll
like like flop once and then just
remember they're Korean for the rest of
their games and then cloud 9 has to
focus all their games into RNG that
group sorry I want to know who make it
out of this Curt Junjie cloud 9 for
groupie dizzy okay okay one thing I'll
say to you mate you should be on this
cool you should be out right in your
anime
alright second thing the Sun is rising
outside my window it's too late for this
ship I don't know what you're on but
nothing that you said right here any
semblance of Parisian that I am willing
to accept in any form were impossible
ace and trust me I have an active
imagination all right I'm down for lots
of things but this this is much friend
okay see help everyone
yeah I'm the least white part of New
York I'm actually from sod now it's like
I've explained some of that nuclear
takes but anyway nobody's saying you're
dumb man I just I'm just joking mate
maybe you have way too much faith you've
been eaten you know way too much a
beautiful American apple pie and it's
it's like affecting you got a little
bias going on here and I think like I
don't I don't know how I don't know you
have a lot of feelings but it doesn't
sound like really if the results came
out differently that you would be that
surprised because like you're not it
doesn't seem like you're feeling a lot
or seeing a lot of trends strategic
reason like a recent performance that
would indicate that results would go
differently than how everybody is
expecting even though you feel that
it'll go very different that's a fair
call but I do think like out of all the
takes like that for just I just said
like I feel like g2 probably is most
improved like that first time I think
I'm sorry you know how do you making it
out but bill Dubois
yeah Foxtrot now that we've concluded
do you regret coming on the show 1 to 10
no I've already enjoyed coming up sorry
I was gonna say if you don't ready to
come on again I'm more than happy again
I've loved it goodsoon ok
Travis is having a real prison thank you
so much for the call and then you like
spicy hot tape yeah can you guys hear me
okay again you're right this is the
ultimate karma farm oh yeah I have that
twitch clip already and they'll put
still written can you guys you guys hear
me wherever you guys are in the world
hello yep we gave you hey thank you so
much for calling in oh he's gone yeah no
you did I mean he doesn't he doesn't
really feel that are me hear it
that way but he's not logically invested
in those predictions um hopefully not
financially invested either twitchchat
don't go anywhere because I'm gonna hang
out on stream afterwards I've got a
giveaway for you guys let's do the
wrap-up the mark
you got any shoutouts plugs anything you
want to say here nope I'll be watching
world's live I'll probably go into the
LCS studio to shoot the shit with the
other people and get grant any ideas I
have with them
Kelby yeah oh yeah sorry
totally forgot we just put out a soccer
video for offline TV and you can watch
me be the luckiest white motherfucker
ever Kelby
yeah I just wanted to say thanks for
having me on Fox drop I really enjoyed
being on the show with you I had never
been exposed to your personality or
content before but I think I'll check it
out now because I I really like your
style
and speaking of things you know I'll
check you out some people that you might
be interested in checking out a little
EDM group you may have heard of called
the chainsmokers now if you go and you
check the recent songs they're make
they're more making pop music it's not
really my style but everything that they
were doing from like early 2014 through
mid 2016 is just absolute fire they have
so much good stuff everything that they
made in that era like defined big room
for me I think you should really check
them out also they put out a song with a
Chris Martin who's you know good singer
Coldplay beloved by many Brits I would
assume not saying that you automatically
have to love them but uh yeah
you should check them out though I've
I've heard the chainsmokers there and
what are your thoughts
Fox drawing that who is alright
I mean yeah great great band yeah he
changed my I like there all right well
Kelvin just cannot describe called Calvi
please come back you I need you to fix
the overlay thank you
Vox drop any shouts shouts plug in
whatever oh I lost every big house that
ever were gone yeah I don't know okay
hello I'm back yeah you back Oh
fantastic now yeah I said before I've
ever enjoyed talking loads of rubbish
here it's I I think that's what I said
too quick short in fact the very first
thing I said in my very first LCS
broadcast was you know I'm here I'm here
to have fun
and chat shit and that's my mantra for
life baby and Here I am having
friendship and I'm not lying by the way
you can look it up later the first thing
I said so thank you so much for having
me if you ever want me to come back you
know where I'm at cool well thank you
it was super fun having you on and I
think you had a pretty unique take and
and when we don't get often here which
is a European take weep you don't really
talk to most of you people but that's
okay anyway thanks so much for coming on
best luck to your teams at Worlds this
group stage kicks off in a little bit
I'm gonna hang out on stream for a
little bit before I head over to Worlds
myself thanks to mark and Kelby as well
this has been hotline League episode 48